Xiao Chen is really you
I've seen you in a wheelchair before
I didn't expect your figure to be quite good
You are Lu Qingyue
You forget that I was the one who did the rehab for you in the first place
Of course I didn't forget
It's just that I usually see you
You are wearing a white coat
The first time I've seen you dressed like this
If Sue knew about you
Looking at other women on the street
Go home carefully and kneel on the washboard
We're already divorced.
that
That's great. What did you say?
No no no I mean what a pity
No regrets.
There is no pity in emotional things
Then it must be that Mr. Su did not do well.
A gentle and considerate man like you
If I were him
I wish I could spend every day with you
Ah.
Are you also here for the thank you banquet? Of course not
Ordinary people like me
What qualifications
Participate in this level of stuff?
At most, I can look far away
Today's thank you banquet
Anyone can participate
Leave regardless of three, six, nine, etc.
two